You're about as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
You bring everyone so much joy — when you leave the room.
I'd agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
You're not stupid; you just have bad luck thinking.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person alive.
You're proof that even evolution makes mistakes.
You have the perfect face for radio.
Your secrets are safe with me — I never even listen when you talk.
You're as sharp as a marble.
If brains were dynamite, you wouldn't have enough to blow your nose.
You're about as bright as a black hole, and twice as dense.
I'd explain it to you, but I left my crayons at home.
You have an entire life to be a genius. Why not start tomorrow?
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
Somewhere out there, a tree is tirelessly producing oxygen for you. You owe it an apology.
You're the reason this country has to put directions on shampoo.
You have the personality of a wet mop.
If I wanted to hear from an idiot, I'd call your family.
You're a gray sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
You have the emotional depth of a teaspoon.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You're as useless as the 'g' in lasagna.
You're the reason they invented double doors.
You have a face that could make an onion cry.
If you were any more inbred, you'd be a sandwich.
You're like a cloud. When you disappear, it's a beautiful day.
You're as welcome as a fart in a spacesuit.
You're proof that the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You're the human equivalent of a participation trophy.
You're about as consistent as a politician's promises.
You have the charisma of a damp rag.
You're the poster child for birth control.
You're like a software update—whenever I see you, I think 'Not now.'
You're the kind of person who claps at the end of the movie.
If stupidity was a superpower, you'd be a superhero.
You're as bright as a black hole, and twice as dense.
You have a great face for hiding.
You're the reason there are instructions on toothpaste.
You're like a candle in the wind — constantly blown out.
If there was a contest for being annoying, you'd come in second — because you're too annoying to win.
You're the human version of athlete's foot.
You're the reason they put instructions on ice cubes.
You're about as useful as a one-legged man in a butt-kicking contest.
You're a walking argument for birth control.
You're not the dumbest person alive, but you better hope they don't die.
You're like a penny: two-faced and not worth much.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
You're a few fries short of a Happy Meal.
You're the human equivalent of a typo.
You're as sharp as a bowling ball.
You're a prime example of why animals eat their young.
You're the reason they put erasers on pencils.
You're as useful as a white crayon.
You're the reason they invented the middle finger.
You're like a cloud—when you disappear, it's a beautiful day.
You're as relevant as MySpace.
You're the reason they make anti-depressants.
You're the reason nobody likes you.
You're a walking caution sign.
You're the reason we can't have nice things.
You're the human version of a participation trophy.
You're as necessary as a screen door on a submarine.
You're like a broken pencil—completely pointless.
You're a walking disappointment.
You're the reason there's a 'Do not try this at home' warning on everything.
You're as useless as the 'ueue' in 'queue.'
You're a human speed bump.
You're the reason the word 'idiot' exists.
You're as welcome as a porcupine in a balloon factory.
You're the human embodiment of a participation ribbon.
You're the reason they put directions on shampoo bottles.
You're as annoying as a hangnail.
You're a human version of a traffic jam.
You're the reason the dinosaurs went extinct.
You're as irrelevant as a floppy disk.
You're a walking argument for natural selection.
You're the human equivalent of a Google error page.
You're as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
You're the reason they make safety signs.
You're a textbook example of why people should read more.
You're the reason the average IQ is so low.
You're as useful as a waterproof towel.
You're the human equivalent of a dead end.
You're the reason they say 'better safe than sorry.'
You're like a screen door on a submarine—completely useless.
You're the human equivalent of an expired coupon.
You're the reason aliens don't visit Earth.
You're as unnecessary as a knitted bikini.
You're the human version of a pop-up ad.
You're the reason seat belts were invented.
You're as useful as a chocolate teapot.
You're a walking waste of oxygen.
You're the reason safety labels were invented.
You're the human equivalent of a flat tire.
You're as relevant as a payphone in 2023.
You're the reason they put warnings on hair dryers.
You're like a square wheel—completely pointless.
You're the human equivalent of a printer jam.
